#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
bertopic==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
blis==1.2.1
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via gevent
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.21.1
    # via weasel
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dash==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
dash-bootstrap-components==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via pymongo
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.0.3
    # via dash
stopwordsiso==0.6.1
tiktoken==0.5.2
fonttools==4.58.4
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via huggingface-hub
gensim==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==25.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.3
dash_bootstrap_components
    # via gevent
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hdbscan==0.8.40
    # via bertopic
huggingface-hub==0.16.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via dash
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   spacy
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   nltk
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
murmurhash==1.0.13
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
narwhals==1.44.0
    # via plotly
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via dash
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   gensim
    #   hdbscan
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
    #   wordcloud
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   seaborn
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
    #   wordcloud
plotly==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   dash
preshed==3.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pymongo==4.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
retrying==1.3.5
    # via dash
rich==14.0.0
    # via typer
rsa==4.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via bertopic
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via sentence-transformers
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   weasel
spacy==3.8.7
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
thinc==8.3.4
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   bertopic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
transformers==4.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
umap-learn==0.5.7
    # via bertopic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
werkzeug==3.0.6
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
wheel==0.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wordcloud==1.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via smart-open
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
